Title: Don't Cha
Artist: The Pussycat Dolls; Busta Rhymes
Year: 2005
Place: 9
Genre: dance
'----'
Okay
Yeah
Oh, we about to get it just a little hot and sweaty in this (ooh, baby)
Ladies let's go
Soldiers let's go (Dolls)
Let me talk to y'all and just you know give you a little situation
Listen (fellas)

You see this s- get hot
Every time I come through
When I step up in the spot (are you ready?)
Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout
Prowl for the best chick, yes, I'm on the lookout (let's dance)
So banging, shorty like a belly dancer with it
Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta with it (ooh, baby)
No tricks, only diamonds under my sleeve
Gimme the number, but make sure you holla before you leave

I know you like me (I know you like me)
I know you do (I know you do)
That's why whenever I come around
She's all over you
And I know you want it (I know you want it)
It's easy to see (it's easy to see)
And in the back of your mind
I know you should be on with me

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
Don't cha? (Ahh)
Don't cha?

Fight the feeling (fight the feeling)
Leave it alone (leave it alone)
'Cause if it ain't love
It just ain't enough to leave my happy home
Let's keep it friendly (let's keep it friendly)
You have to play fair (you have to play fair, yeah)
See I don't care
But I know she ain't gon' wanna share

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha?
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?

Okay, I see how it's goin' down (ahh, don't cha?)
Seems like shorty wanna little ménage to pop off or something (let's go)
Well let me get straight to it
Every broad wan' watch it, when I come through it
It's the god almighty, looking all brand newish
Shorty wanna jump in my Aston Vanquish
Looking at me all like she really wan' do it
Tryna put it on me 'til my b- black and blueish (blueish)
You wanna play wit' a playa, girl, then play on
Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on
Watch me and I'ma watch you at the same time
Looking like you wan' break my back
You're the very reason why I keep a pack of the Magnum
An wit' the wagon hit you in the back of the magnum
For the record, don't think it was something you did
Shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid
I got a idea that's dope for y'all
As y'all could get so I could hit the both of y'all
Don't worry about it shorty

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (Oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha?
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?